Update HW requirements, node start commands, and node shell scripts (#2)
ProvableHQ/snarkOS: README.md

### 2.1 Definitions

The following snarkOS node types exist in the Aleo network:
 - **Validator**: Validator nodes participate in consensus and must be started with an account that is bonded into the committee.
 - **Client**: Clients do not participate in consensus but maintain a ledger. They are capable of providing information about the network as well as accepting solutions and transactions and communicating them to their peers. All clients run the same software, however, for the purposes of configuration management, this document defines two types of clients:
    - Core client: Client node connected directly to a validator node.
    - Outer Client: Client node connected only to other clients or prover nodes.
 - **Prover**: Prover nodes are dedicated to solving the Aleo puzzle. They do not participate in consensus or maintain a copy of the ledger.

### 2.2 Requirements

The following are the requirements to run an Aleo node:
 - **OS**: 64-bit architectures only, latest up-to-date for security
    - Clients: Ubuntu 22.04 (LTS), macOS Ventura or later, Windows 11 or later
    - Validators: Ubuntu 22.04 (LTS)
 - **CPU**: 64-bit architectures only, Latest Intel Xeon or Better

>     - Clients, core: 32-cores (24 minimum)

Reviewer: Can you also adjust the data in this file? https://github.com/ProvableHQ/snarkOS/blob/mainnet/cli/src/helpers/mod.rs#L82

Author: Thanks, I added it [here](https://github.com/ProvableHQ/snarkOS/pull/2/commits/10539241cd10103249fcf2712fc0d1a135625eec). One thing to note about the memory check: Previously, we set `let min_ram = 60;` and recommended 64GB (which is 59.6 GiB) of memory. Our new minimum recommendation is 256GB (~238.4 GiB). In the code, I set it to `let min_ram = 238;` (rounded down instead of up).

Reviewer: Good point. All RAM recommendations should be in a power-of-two GiB, as this is what's [typically reported](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/m5/). Can you update the Google Doc, README and code?

    - Clients, outer: 32-cores (16 minimum)
    - Validators: 64-cores (or better)
 - **RAM**: DDR4 or better
    - Clients, core: 192GB of memory (128 minimum)
    - Clients, outer: 128GB of memory (64 minimum)
    - Validators: 384GB of memory (256 minimum)
 - **Storage**: PCIe Gen 3 x4, PCIe Gen 4 x2 NVME SSD, or better
    - Clients, core: 4TB of disk space (2 minimum)
    - Clients, outer: 2TB of disk space (1 minimum)
    - Validators: 6TB of disk space (4 minimum)
 - **Network**: Symmetric, commercial, always-on
    - Clients: 250Mbps of upload **and** download bandwidth
    - Validators: 500Mbps of upload **and** download bandwidth

> Please note that we do not provide official recommendations to run an Aleo Prover. In order to run an Aleo Prover that is **competitive**, the machine requirements will likely be high.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
No explicit recommendations are made for proving nodes as proving hardware may be highly variable. If interested in running Aleo Provers nodes, please refer to resources published by the Aleo community.
```

#### 2.4.3 For Validators

| Port     | Protocol | Allow/Deny | Source                       | Explanation                                                |
|----------|----------|------------|------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------|
| 4130/tcp | TCP      | Allow      | All IPv4/IPv6 | TCP traffic to other clients and validators                |
| 5000/tcp | TCP      | Allow      | Trusted Validator IPs        | TCP traffic between validators for BFT communication       |
| 3000/tcp | TCP      | Allow      | Internal VPC or VPN          | Metrics dashboard, should only be open within an internal VPC or VPN |
| 3030/tcp | TCP      | Deny       | All IPv4/IPv6                | REST server. This should always be disabled for validators |
| 9000/tcp | TCP      | Allow      | Internal VPC or VPN          | Metrics export, should only be open within an internal VPC or VPN |
| 9090/tcp | TCP      | Allow      | Internal VPC or VPN          | Prometheus metrics, should only be open within an internal VPC or VPN |

## 3. Run an Aleo Node

## 3.1 Run an Aleo Client

Start by following the instructions in the [Build Guide](#2-build-guide).

> The next step depends on if you want to run a `core` client or an `outer` client. Validators and related entities may want to run a `core` client. In all other cases, running an `outer` client is the default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The guide below provides information on running `core` and `outer` clients (as defined in Section 2.2.) Aleo community members running Validators are recommended to run 1-3 `core` clients as their exclusive peers. This will ensure network traffic from the public internet is verified prior to reaching the validator.

Any client **not** connected directly to a validator can be considered an `outer` client.
```
